Added the documentation and the script for lightweight solution (#6)
abelsiqueira/asreview-cloud: README.md

## Lightweight usage
In case you want to test how much your given task can be speed-up with parallelization strategy, 
it is possible to test it utilizing functionality of [GNU Project package](https://www.gnu.org/software/parallel). For such type test follow these steps:

1. Download and install the GNU package following the instructions. We recommend to install the package via package managers if you have one (such as `homebrew` or `chocolatte`), but in case you do not have one you can follow this steps, which are a bit more complicated, but the effect worths it.

* If you are using UNIX based system(Linux or MacOS),you are going to need `wget`.
Run those commands `parallel-*` will be a downloaded file with a number instead of '*':

```bash
wget https://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/parallel/parallel-latest.tar.bz2
sudo tar -xjf parallel-latest.tar.bz2
cd parallel-*
./configure
make
make install
```

* If you are using Windows, we suggest following this [guide](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/52393850/how-to-install-gnu-parallel-on-windows-10-using-git-bash#52451011).

2. Run  in your command line to check if the package is installed.
```bash
parallel --version
```

> 3. To parallelize your `job.sh` file, first you need to split it using this command, so we can use the same strategy
> as was described above, not multiprocessing writing files to directories before creating those:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To parallelize your `jobs.sh` file, we need to split it into blocks that can be parallelized.
```
I didn't understand the "multiprocessing" part.

Author: I just wanted to add a brief explanation about why we need to split the file, but changes are fine for me

```bash
python split-file.py <your_file.sh>
```

> 5. Then run this command, specifiing the argument of number of cores. We recommend not to use all of your CPU cores at ones (leave at least one or two) for the sake of your machine safety. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you can just run the script below, specifying the number of cores as an argument.
We recommend not using all of your CPU cores at once.
Leave at least one or two to allow your machine to process other tasks.
Notice that there is no limitation on memory usage per task, so for models that use a lot of memory, there might be some competition for resources.
```

   
```bash

> sh parallel_run.sh <the_number_of_cores>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bash parallel_run.sh <the_number_of_cores>
```

```

> TODO: the run of bash script for Windows

Reviewer: If you can test this, it will be interesting. Probably just a mention of using jobs.bat instead, although I really don't know.

> If you don't want this behaviour, look for the "rm -rf" line and comment it out or remove it.
> However, if you run into a "Project already exists" error, this is why.

## Lightweight usage

If you want to use parallelization, but can't, or don't want to, use Kubernetes, it is possible to use [GNU Project package](https://www.gnu.org/software/parallel) to parallelize the execution of the script locally.
For such usage follow these steps:

Install the package [GNU parallel](https://www.gnu.org/software/parallel/) following the instructions on the website.
We recommend installing the package via package managers if you have one (such as `apt-get`, `homebrew` or `chocolatey`).

> **Note**
>
> For SURF, that would be `sudo apt-get install parallel`.

In case you do not have one, you can follow the steps below:

* If you are using UNIX based system(Linux or MacOS),you are going to need `wget`.
Run those commands `parallel-*` will be a downloaded file with a number instead of '*':

```bash
wget https://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/parallel/parallel-latest.tar.bz2
tar -xjf parallel-latest.tar.bz2
cd parallel-NUMBER
./configure
make
sudo make install
```
**Windows** 

> We suggest following this [guide](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/52393850/how-to-install-gnu-parallel-on-windows-10-using-git-bash#52451011) or install [anaconda environment](https://docs.anaconda.com/free/anaconda/install/index.html) and install the package on this environment from [here](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/parallel).

Reviewer: Do you want to remove this, since Windows is not supported anymore?

Author: I have removed it, thanks for pointing out

Check that the package is installed with

```bash
parallel --version
```

To parallelize your `jobs.sh` file, we need to split it into blocks that can be parallelized.

```bash
python split-file.py <your_file.sh>
```

Then you can just run the script below, specifying the number of cores as an argument.
> **Warning**
> We recommend not using all of your CPU cores at once.
> Leave at least one or two to allow your machine to process other tasks.
> Notice that there is no limitation on memory usage per task, so for models that use a lot of memory, there might be some competition for resources.

> 
> 
>    
> ```bash
> bash parallel_run.sh <the_number_of_cores>
> 
> ```
> TODO: the run of bash script for Windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
bash parallel_run.sh <the_number_of_cores>
```
```

I removed some empty lines and I think we will remove this message because it's related to Windows support, right?
